# Mirion Meeting Notes Log
## All Customer Meetings & Key Discussions

**Account:** Mirion Technologies
**Last Updated:** January 26, 2025

---

## Quick Reference

| Date | Meeting | Attendees | Key Outcome |
|------|---------|-----------|-------------|
| Jan 27, 2025 | Sarah Pacer - Sievo Kickoff | Stuart, Sarah | *Scheduled* |
| TBD | Kyle Dalal - MC Deep Dive | Stuart, Kyle | *Not Scheduled* |
| TBD | Craig - Security Review | Stuart, Craig | *Not Scheduled* |
| TBD | Justin Clark - GenAI Intro | Stuart, Justin | *Not Scheduled* |

---

## Upcoming Meetings

### January 27, 2025 - Sarah Pacer: Sievo Requirements

| Attribute | Details |
|-----------|---------|
| **Date/Time** | January 27, 2025 |
| **Attendees** | Stuart Gano, Sarah Pacer |
| **Purpose** | Sievo/Procurement project kickoff, DQ requirements |
| **Location** | Virtual |

**Agenda:**
1. Project overview and timeline confirmation (March deadline)
2. Data sources - which ERPs, what's in Fabric today
3. DQ requirements - what rules exist, what's needed
4. SME identification - who validates data quality
5. Success criteria - what does "done" look like
6. Next steps and meeting cadence

**Pre-Meeting Questions:**
- [ ] What procurement data is already in Fabric?
- [ ] Who are the SMEs that validate data quality?
- [ ] What DQ rules exist today (if any)?
- [ ] What dashboards/reports are needed?
- [ ] Who is the end user of the dashboards?

**Notes:**
*To be completed after meeting*

**Action Items:**
*To be completed after meeting*

---

## Meeting Templates

### Standard Meeting Note Template

```markdown
## [Date] - [Meeting Title]

| Attribute | Details |
|-----------|---------|
| **Date/Time** | |
| **Attendees** | |
| **Purpose** | |
| **Location** | |

**Agenda:**
1.
2.
3.

**Discussion Notes:**


**Decisions Made:**
| Decision | Owner | Date |
|----------|-------|------|
| | | |

**Action Items:**
| Action | Owner | Due |
|--------|-------|-----|
| | | |

**Follow-up Meeting:** [Date/Time if scheduled]
```

---

## Historical Meeting Notes

### January 2025

*No meetings recorded yet - account in planning phase*

---

### Meeting Categories

**Steering Committee** (Monthly)
- Attendees: Shahmeer, Craig, Ben, Konner, Hector, Neha, Stuart
- Purpose: Phase status, consumption review, risk escalation

**Technical Working Group** (Weekly)
- Attendees: Ben, Kyle, Neha, Stuart, Hector
- Purpose: Technical design, implementation progress

**Sievo Project** (Weekly during Phase 2)
- Attendees: Sarah Pacer, SMEs, Neha, Stuart
- Purpose: DQ requirements, pipeline development, dashboard review

**Monte Carlo Discovery** (As needed)
- Attendees: Kyle, Physics SMEs, Stuart
- Purpose: Simulation requirements, licensing, GEANT4 vs MCNP

**Security Review** (As needed)
- Attendees: Craig, John Bane, Stuart
- Purpose: ITAR/PII, compliance, network architecture

---

## Key Contacts for Meetings

### Customer - Executive
| Name | Role | Email | Notes |
|------|------|-------|-------|
| Shahmeer Mirza | CAO | | Primary champion |
| Tom Logan | CEO | | Executive sponsor |
| Brian Schopfer | CFO | | Budget approval |

### Customer - Technical
| Name | Role | Email | Notes |
|------|------|-------|-------|
| Ben Sivoravong | Dir, Data Platform | | MEDIAN owner |
| Kyle Dalal | Principal ML Eng | | MC, Edge AI |
| Justin Clark | Dir, GenAI | | Mosaic AI migration |

### Customer - Business
| Name | Role | Email | Notes |
|------|------|-------|-------|
| Sarah Pacer | Supply Chain | | Sievo project |
| Matthew Maddox | VP Digital Commerce | | Customer 360 |
| Adam Brown | Sr. Dir Finance | | Golden Record |

### Customer - Security
| Name | Role | Email | Notes |
|------|------|-------|-------|
| Craig M. | CISO | | Data governance |
| John Bane | Chief Cyber Architect | | Compliance |

### Customer - IT
| Name | Role | Email | Notes |
|------|------|-------|-------|
| Victor Price | IT Manager | | Azure/Fabric access |
| Imran Mohamed | IT Mgr, Data Eng | | Fabric ingestion |

---

## Meeting Request Templates

### Sievo Kickoff (Sarah Pacer)
```
Subject: Mirion Sievo Project - Requirements Discussion

Hi Sarah,

Following up on the Sievo/Procurement analytics project. I'd like to schedule time to discuss:

1. Current state of procurement data in Fabric
2. Data quality requirements and validation rules
3. SME identification for data review workflow
4. Dashboard requirements and end users
5. Timeline and milestones (March deadline)

Could you suggest a few times that work for you this week?

Thanks,
Stuart
```

### Monte Carlo Deep Dive (Kyle Dalal)
```
Subject: Monte Carlo Simulation - Technical Deep Dive

Hi Kyle,

I'd like to schedule a technical deep dive on the Monte Carlo simulation workload. Topics to cover:

1. Current simulation tools (MCNP, GEANT4, others?)
2. Typical simulation parameters and run times
3. Licensing constraints and cloud deployment options
4. Integration with ML/analytics workflows
5. Sample input/output data (sanitized if needed)

I've prepared a discovery questionnaire that might help structure our discussion.

When works for you?

Stuart
```

### Security Review (Craig)
```
Subject: Databricks Platform - Security Architecture Review

Hi Craig,

Shahmeer mentioned you'd like a deep dive on the Databricks security architecture. Happy to cover:

1. Network architecture and private link options
2. Data classification and ITAR/PII handling
3. Unity Catalog governance and access controls
4. Audit logging and compliance reporting
5. GovCloud/FedRAMP options if needed

Let me know what times work for a 60-90 minute session.

Stuart
```

---

*Document: Meeting Notes Log*
*Update Frequency: After each meeting*
*Owner: Stuart Gano*
